what's up everybody the crab gamer here
the king of all gaming media with you
again as always doing another video and
this is something that has been irking
me for months and months and months I
don't think I've done a video about it
before but we all know the way access
came out people were like oh it's
probably just a time thing for Microsoft
and then we can't came out to find that
Sony actually said no to EA access
because quote we don't think asking our
fans to pay an additional five dollars a
month for this EA specific program
represents good value to the PlayStation
gamer what's not it put in here is that
it's less than five dollars a month if
you do the year which is only thirty
dollars a year which is significantly
less and you get a pretty good amount of
games for that and as well as early
access like a week early access and ten
percent discounts on all DLC and digital
purchases and things like that you get
full access to the games in the vault
which now is like madden 15 madden 25
fifa 14 UFC battlefield 4 peggle 2
there's you know and they keep adding to
it they just added NHL 15 which is still
like a full price game in the stores so
you can see that there's a definite
value there but I think one of the
biggest values is getting to play full
retail versions of the games a week
ahead of time you usually get 6 to 10
hours worth and now people are
complaining or Playstation fanboys are
complaining about this battlefront news
that broke last night because aaron
greenberg said first on Xbox one
obviously you know you'll probably get
to play it with EA access a week ahead
of time for probably six to ten hours
and the sony fanboys are pissed off
again saying oh microsoft you know
they're buying buying this or trying to
get people to buy the xbox one with this
no no no no shut up fool shut up it has
nothing to do with Microsoft it has to
do with Sony turning down this service
Sony were the ones that made this
decision for you they didn't give you
the option like Microsoft don't blame EA
don't blame microsoft blame sony they're
the ones that did it to you now as an
Xbox going wow you know I'm a ps4 own or
two
as an Xbox dude I like this kind of
thing you know you get the mess with the
games I play dragon age 46 hours got
achievements and that carried over
that's how he a access works you play
madden your progress carries over you
play battlefield your progress carries
over this is Sony's phone if you don't
like this then speak up quit being
little bitches and you know you guys are
so fucking scared to admit that there's
something wrong or something that you
want because then you see that other
people will see that you're not
completely happy instead of being like
that be a real person be a real gamer
say hey Sony why aren't you Yusei your
for the gamers yet you don't give us
this option you know you bitched about
Microsoft not giving people an option
with kinect at first but then you don't
even do us a courtesy of giving us an
option with this you know that's all I
got to say on this man I want to be
enjoying you know some battlefront early
well the xbox one rate comment subscribe
break that shit up crip game RL
you